# VeeResponseDTO

*****************************************  Server Response DTOs for question endpoint ****************************************

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**chart_url** | **str** | A URL to view the visualization in Visier. | [optional] 
**conversation_state** | [**VeeConversationStateDTO**](VeeConversationStateDTO.md) | The current conversation&#39;s details. To ask a follow-up question or continue the conversation with Vee, include the &#x60;conversationState&#x60; from the response in your next &#x60;/question&#x60; call. To submit feedback about Vee&#39;s answer, copy the entire response into your &#x60;/feedback&#x60; call. | [optional] 
**corrections** | [**List[VeeCorrectionsDTO]**](VeeCorrectionsDTO.md) | A list of corrections and clarifications if the question was ambiguous or Vee was unsure in the answer. | [optional] 
**data** | [**VeeDataDTO**](VeeDataDTO.md) | Returned if &#x60;includeData&#x60; is &#x60;true&#x60;. Provides additional data relevant to the question, such as the visualization data and any filters applied to the visualization. | [optional] 
**narrative** | **str** | Vee&#39;s answer to the question. | [optional] 
**reworded_question** | **str** | Vee&#39;s plain language interpretation of the original question. For example, if you asked \&quot;what is the headcount by gender in each org?\&quot;, Vee might reword the question as \&quot;What is the gender breakdown of our workforce by organization this month?\&quot;. | [optional] 
**var_schema** | [**VeeResponseSchemaDTO**](VeeResponseSchemaDTO.md) | The metrics, dimensions, and concepts that contribute to Vee&#39;s answer. | [optional] 
**status_code** | [**VeeStatusCodeDTO**](VeeStatusCodeDTO.md) | A status code indicating whether or not Vee successfully answered the question. | [optional] 
**visual** | [**VeeVisualDTO**](VeeVisualDTO.md) | A base64 string-encoded PNG of a visualization generated by Vee to answer a question. For example, Vee can return a Breakdown visualization if asked about the headcount in each organization. | [optional] 

## Example

```python
from visier.sdk.api.data_out.models.vee_response_dto import VeeResponseDTO

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of VeeResponseDTO from a JSON string
vee_response_dto_instance = VeeResponseDTO.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print(VeeResponseDTO.to_json())

# convert the object into a dict
vee_response_dto_dict = vee_response_dto_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of VeeResponseDTO from a dict
vee_response_dto_from_dict = VeeResponseDTO.from_dict(vee_response_dto_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


